Update `CONTRIBUTING.md` and support WSL2 (#3378)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

a CLA and decorate the PR appropriately (e.g., label, comment). Simply follow the instructions
provided by the bot. You will only need to do this once across all repos using our CLA.

# Thank you

> Thanks for your interest in improving Web Chat. We invest heavily in engineering excellence to reduce our workloads and enable us to move faster. To start the development, please familiar yourself with the development process and these automation tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks for your interest in improving Web Chat. We invest heavily in engineering excellence to reduce our workloads and enable us to move faster. To start the development, please familiarize yourself with the development process and these automation tools.
```

>
> Forking Web Chat to make your own customizations means you will lose access to our latest updates. Maintaining forks also introduces chores that are substantially more complicated than a version bump.

# Preparing the environment

There are 2 steps to prepare your environment: [install tools](#installing-tools) and [prepare the repository](#preparing-the-repository).

## Installing tools

Please install the follow in your development environment:

- [Node.js and NPM](https://nodejs.org/) of LTS or latest version
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)

These are development environments we tested:

- Windows 10 Professional
   - With WSL1 or [WSL2](https://aka.ms/wsl2) installed
- [Ubuntu 18 running under WSL2](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/ubuntu-1804-lts/9n9tngvndl3q)

## Preparing the repository

> Web Chat is a monorepo and use [`lerna`](https://lerna.js.org/). After the repository is [forked and cloned](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-webchat/fork), run the following to install all dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web Chat is a monorepo and uses [`lerna`](https://lerna.js.org/). After the repository is [forked and cloned](https://github.com/microsoft/botframework-webchat/fork), run the following to install all dependencies.
```

```sh
npm ci
npm run bootstrap
```

# Building the project

> Default build flavor is development. Please read [BUILD_SCRIPTS.md](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/master/docs/BUILD_SCRIPTS.md) about different build flavors.

There are two ways to build: one-off and continuous build.

- For one-off building, run `npm run build`
- For continuous building, run `npm start`

The bundle output will be located at:

- http://localhost:5000/webchat.js (also `webchat-es5.js` and `webchat-minimal.js`)
- `packages/bundle/dist/webchat*.js`

> # Playing the build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Playing with the build
```

> There are few ways you can play the build:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are few ways you can play with the build:
```

- Playing with playground
   - `cd packages/playground`
   - `npm start`
   - Navigate to http://localhost:3000/, and click on "Official MockBot" on the upper right corner
- Playing with `webchat-loader`
   - Navigate to https://compulim.github.io/webchat-loader/
   - In the version dropdown, select `http://localhost:5000/webchat-es5.js`
- Write your own web app
   - `<script src="http://localhost:5000/webchat.js"></script>`
   - Or using tarballs

# Readying for publication

> We care about software quality. It helps prevent regressions, reduce maintenance costs, minimize chores, and enable us to move faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We care about software quality. Quality checking prevents regressions, reduces maintenance costs, minimizes chores, and enables us to move faster.
```

Before submitting the pull request, please check your build by running these checks:

- [Running automated tests](#running-automated-tests)
- [Performing static code analysis](#static-code-analysis)

## Running automated tests

Automated tests in Web Chat are designed to run inside a stable and isolated test environment. To run the test suite, you will need to [start the test environment](#starting-the-test-environment), then [run the test suite](#running-the-test-suite).

> ### Starting the test environment

Reviewer: Make sure this info matches with `__tests__/README.md`. Might be good to consolidate.

Author: Consolidated.

> For environment stability, Web Chat use Docker for hosting the test environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For environment stability, Web Chat uses Docker for hosting the test environment.
```

There are 2 ways to run the test suite, either one-off or continuously:

- For one-off testing, `node_modules/.bin/jest`
- For continuous testing, `npm test`
   - To speed up continuous testing, you can install [watchman](https://facebook.github.io/watchman/)

If your development box has less than 4 cores, you will need to reduce the number of simultaneous test agents:

- For one-off testing: run `node_modules/.bin/jest --maxWorkers 1`
- For continuous testing: run `npm test -- --maxWorkers 1`

Our CI pipeline run tests with 4 agents simultaneously. If new tests are added, please make sure they can run simultaneously.

### Troubleshooting the test suite

We run test suite on every commit and requires 100% test pass. If the test suite did not complete successfully, they are likely:

- Intermittent services issue
- Test reliability issue, please see [#2938](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/2938)
- Polluted development environment, for example:
   - Outdated `node_modules` content
   - Outdated Node.js or NPM

When the test suite failed:

1. Re-run the test suite

>    1. If it succeeded but a specific test fail intermittently, please comment to [#2938](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/2938)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. If it succeeded but a specific test fails intermittently, please comment to [#2938](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/2938)
```

> 1. If it continue to fail, please fresh clone the repository and run the test suite without your changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If it continues to fail, please fresh clone the repository and run the test suite without your changes
```

   1. If you suspect your environment is polluted, please use [Windows Sandbox](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-sandbox/windows-sandbox-overview) and/or a new Linux distro on WSL to verify

> 1. If it still fail repeatedly, please [file an issue](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/new/choose) to us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If it still fails repeatedly, please [file an issue](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/issues/new/choose) to us.
```

## Static code analysis

Run `npm run eslint` for static code analysis.

> If you need to skip any ESLint errors, we prefer using `eslint-disable-next-line`. Comments are required on why the rule is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to skip any ESLint errors, we recommend `eslint-disable-next-line`. Comments are required on why the rule is disabled.
```
Show example in the code?

# Final checks

There are checks that automation will not be able to capture. For example:

- Hygiene
   - Add a new log to `CHANGELOG.md`
   - Fill out the pull request form for traceability
   - Make sure imports, members, variables, etc, are sorted alphabetically
   - Avoid one-off variables, prefer JavaScript shorthands, shorter and faster code

>    - No global pollution: no specific tab order, minimize `z-index` usage and requires a [new stacking context](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Positioning/Understanding_z_index/The_stacking_context), all polyfills must complies to ECMAScript/W3C standards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - No global pollution: 
      - no specific tab order, 
      - minimize `z-index` usage
         - if z-index is ultimately required, use a [new stacking context](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Positioning/Understanding_z_index/The_stacking_context), 
      - all polyfills must comply with ECMAScript/W3C standards

```

- Tests

>    - Tests are important to reduce our burden. If new tests are needed but not included, we will reject your pull request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Tests are important to reduces our maintenence burden. Pull requests without needed tests will not be approved or merged into the project.
```

>    - For fixing bug, the original bug repro must be coded as a new test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For fixing a vbug, the original bug repro must be included as a new test
```

>    - For feature work, please add as much tests as needed to future-proof the feature, include both happy and unhappy paths

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For feature work, please add as many tests as needed to future-proof the feature, including both happy and unhappy paths
```

   - We prefer integration tests over unit tests

>    - Avoid using timeout in tests, use [fake timer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/lolex) instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Avoid using timeout in tests. Instead, use [fake timer](https://www.npmjs.com/package/lolex) instead
```

- [Secure by default](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_by_default)
- Benchmark
   - Performance should not drop significantly
   - Bundle size should not increase significantly
   - Code coverage should not decrease significantly
   - Backward compatibility should be maintained for 2 years
- Cross browser compatibility
   - Windows 10
      - Chrome
      - Edge Chromium
      - Edge UWP
      - Firefox
      - IE11 (except speech features)
   - Safari on macOS
   - Safari on iOS or iPadOS
   - Chrome on Android

> - Accessibility, please refer to [`docs/ACCESSIBILITY.md`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/master/docs/ACCESSIBILITY.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For accessibility, please refer to [`docs/ACCESSIBILITY.md`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/master/docs/ACCESSIBILITY.md)
```

>    - Tab order, content readability, assistive technology-only text, color contrast, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Tab order, content readability, assistive technology-only text, color contrast, etc. must be maintained.
```

   - Assistive technology and browser compatibility

>       - NVDA: Chrome and Firefox

Reviewer: I think we need to include JAWS, even though it's not included in our audit.

Author: Added JAWS for Chrome and Firefox.

      - Narrator: Edge family and IE11
      - VoiceOver: Safari
      - TalkBack: Chrome on Android

> - Internationalization, please refer to [`docs/LOCALIZATION.md`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/docs/LOCALIZATION.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For internationalization, please refer to [`docs/LOCALIZATION.md`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/tree/master/docs/LOCALIZATION.md)
```

> - Feature documentation, samples, live demo, operational

Reviewer: Not sure what you mean by 'operational' -- not enough context. Could you elaborate?

Author: Updated to "operation of demo bots".

>    - All samples must also comes with hosted live demo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - All samples must also come with a hosted live demo
```

   - Please discuss with us if a specific bot is needed for the live demo

# Workflow

Here list how we generally work when [fixing a bug](#fixing-bug) or [implementing a new feature](#implement-new-feature).

## Fixing bug

Write the bug repro as a test, before fixing the bug.

1. Clone/prepare the repository or nuke an existing repository
   - To nuke, run `npm run tableflip`
1. Run continuous build, run `npm start`
1. Convert bug into a test case, under `__tests__/html/this-is-the-bug.html`
1. Run the test, `npm run start:docker`, then `npm test -- --testPathPattern html/this-is-the-bug.html`
   - Make sure the test fail as described in the repro
1. Fix the bug
1. Re-run `npm run start:docker` to refresh the code inside Docker
1. Re-run the test, it should succeed
   - Verify screenshots if any
1. Add a log entry to `CHANGELOG.md`
1. File a pull request

> ## Implementing new feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Implementing new features
```

Write the user story while implementing the feature.

1. Clone/prepare the repository or nuke an existing repository
   - To nuke, run `npm run tableflip`
1. Run continuous build, run `npm start`

> 1. Clone `__tests__/html/simple.html` to `my-feature.html`, use it as a playground

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone `__tests__/html/simple.html` to `my-feature.html` and use it as a playground
```
